\subsection{Rectifier}
The first circuit built was a half-wave rectifier, utilizing a 1N4006 PN
junction diode as the primary element because of its directional current flow
property.  When forward biased (acheived when the voltage on the p-doped side
is higher than the voltage on the n-doped side), a standard diode will allow
current to flow; a reverse biased, however, no current will flow.  If said
diode is connected in series with a load resistor between the two inputs of an
AC signal as shown in Figure~\ref{fig:schem1}, a half-wave rectifier results.
%
\begin{figure}[H]
	\centering
	\input{schem1.tex}
	\caption{Half-wave rectifier circuit, as originally suggested by the lab one instructions.}
	\label{fig:schem1}
\end{figure}
%
During phases where the input signal is positive, the voltage across the
resistor will be roughly equal to the input.  When the signal becomes negative
Ohm's Law states that the voltage across the resistor drops to zero, as no
current flows.  The above circuit uses an input signal of \SI{12.2}{\volt}RMS
and outputs a half-rectified signal with an average value of \SI{5.6}{\volt}DC.

\subsection{LED}
Circuit number two allowed students to experiment with light-emitting diodes
(LEDs).  LEDs behave nearly identically to regular diodes, in that current can
only flow through them in the forward biased configuration.  As their name
suggests, LEDs also emit light (at a wavelength determined by the chemicals
used during construction) while current flows through them.  A functioning
circuit to light an LED is shown in Figure~\ref{fig:schem2}.
%
\begin{figure}[H]
	\centering
	\input{schem2.tex}
	\caption{Circuit to light an LED, as provided by the instructions.}
	\label{fig:schem2}
\end{figure}
%
In the above circuit, the input voltage is stepped from \SI{0}{\volt}DC to
\SI{5}{\volt}DC in increments of one Volt.  This allows students to see the
effects of input voltage to an LEDs brightness.  The provided LED ``turns on''
(emits light) when roughtly \SI{1.5}{\volt} is dropped across the element, so
input voltages that provide at least this much voltage result in the diode
turning on.  As the input voltage increases above the trun on voltage, the
brightness of the diode should increase.



\begin{figure}[H]
\input{schem3.tex}
\end{figure}

\begin{figure}[H]
\input{schem4.tex}
\end{figure}

